the former political correspondent John
sergeant has pulled out of Strictly Come
Dancing his routines have landed him
with bottom marks for three weeks in a
row yet the public have continued to
vote to keep him in it's meant that more
talented dancers have been forced to
leave well this morning John sergeant
said there was a real danger he could
win which would be a joke too far even
for him his own Simba reports for the
past two months
John sergeants moves around the strictly
dance floor have undoubtedly entertained
the public but often infuriated the
judges the fact still remains it lacked
a certain energy and drive 5:6 despite
those views the public have consistently
ignored his technical shortcomings and
voted to keep him in the competition at
the expense of other more polished
contestants now John sergeant has said
enough is enough
pulling out if strictly in a statement
he said I was hoping to stay in as long
as possible the trouble is that was now
a real danger I might win the
competition even for me that would be a
joke too far
strictly judge Arlene Phillips said she
was sad to see him go there's always
things you know someone whether it's
going on Christopher Parker Julian Clary
Voight had competitors and they've been
in the programs you can't dance you have
public support it's nothing new
John's Argentine anything new
appropriately enough even when making
his name as a political correspondent
John sergeants most famous moment came
down to miss timing and a bit of awkward
footwork but the intelligence wit and
energy he displayed in that job are
exactly the same qualities that have now
endeared him forever to viewers of
Strictly Come Dancing and for his fans
there is still one last chance to see
him in action he'll perform a farewell
dance on the show this Saturday
please remember please
[Applause]
[Music]
well on the line now is the host of the
show of course Bruce Forsyth Bruce thank
you very much for joining us what do you
make of that then all right we're all
fine
well it was a bit of a shock it really
was it ruined my opening jokes this week
which was going to say good evening
ladies gentlemen and children welcome to
the junk argent show but that was the
point it was becoming the John such a
good laugh now got to get a different
opening joke I don't know do you think
he was right to leave well I can
understand you're very sorry but for
John because he's put in the most
awkward position he looks at all the
other dances of you knows they're better
dancers and than him and he must have
felt over the last few weeks he must
have been very guilty in a way but the
way the show is he's been saying you
know the rules are the rules
and the public have half the votes the
judges have the other half so he's gonna
he's got a point there but I don't know
it see I'm a Pisces or I go but both
different ways I can feel sorry for John
and I feel sorry for the dancers I feel
sorry for the judges because they're
there to give their professional opinion
of the dancing which is what they do and
it's it's all ended up it's a bit sad in
a way I'm sad for John because he's such
a lovely guy and the whole team adore
him but then you see I felt sorry for
poor sherry you work so hard people
still don't realize how hard the people
work learning the dances for five six
seven hours a day it really is a hard as
a Strother it's rather sad as well a
bruise for the public who obviously love
him and have voted I mean it is an
entertainment show it's for them to vote
who they want to keep Innes yes I agree
there as well and when when when John
did his dancers it was like British go
back 30 years and bring him back the
generation game so Chris we know me
being able to do a demonstration before
he did it which was a drawback for him I
a bit but it was pure generation
my great love to see it's one of your
catch lines what we want to do now is
who is your favorite now he's gone well
they said there's four couples they're
still that could could win it and win it
handsomely I don't think we've had four
people sort of buying for the the
trophies as in this year I mean we all
knew that Alicia was gonna win it more
or less last year Matt did a good job
Alicia was a firm favorite but this year
very hard to pick the winner